title: Cyvive Terms & Conditions

FORMATION OF THE AGREEMENT

(a) These terms form a binding contract between Taylored Technology Pty Ltd (ABN 67 168 526 690) (**Cyvive**) and the Customer.

(b) By responding "Yes" on the screen titled "Your agreement to the Cyvive Licence Agreement":

- (i) where the Customer is an individual, the Customer agrees to be bound to the terms of this Agreement;
- (ii) where the Customer is a corporation or other organisation, the Customer acknowledges and agrees that its representative is agreeing on behalf of the Customer to be bound by the terms of this Agreement; and
- (iii) both the Customer's representative and the Customer warrant that the Customer's representative has the authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the Customer.

(c) The Customer must provide accurate information about its identity when registering its details to download the Cyvive Platform.

(d) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous agreements or understandings between the parties in connection with that subject matter.

# TERMS AND CONDITIONS

## 1 Definitions

In these terms and conditions, the following words shall have the following meanings unless otherwise stated:

- **❝Affiliates❞** means those companies where the Customer or the Customer's ultimate holding company directly or indirectly, has a shareholding in excess of fifty percent of the issued share capital or controls the appointment of the majority of the board of directors.
- **❝Agreement❞** means the agreement entered into between the parties and including these terms and conditions;
- **❝Business Day❞** any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Brisbane, Australia.
- **❝Certified Kubernetes Administrator❞** a person who has been certified under the Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) Program, as detailed at <https://www.cncf.io/certification/cka/>.
- **❝Claim❞**means any claim, action, proceeding, demand or investigation of any kind and includes the allocation of a claim.
- **❝Corporations Act❞** *Corporations Act 2001* (Cth).
- **❝Customer❞** the person who has entered into this Agreement with Cyvive, as identified in accordance with subsection (b) of the section "Formation of this Agreement".
- **❝Customer Data❞** means all information, material, data, datasets or databases held in the Customer's IT system (including Customer Personal Information), other than information comprising or generated by the Cyvive Platform.
- **❝Customer Personal Information❞** means any "personal information" (as that term is defined in the *Privacy Act 1988* (Cth)) held or controlled by the Customer.
- **❝Cyvive❞**means Taylored Technology Pty Ltd ABN 67 168 526 690.
- **❝Cyvive Proprietary Software❞** means the components of the Software which are owned by Cyvive.
- **❝Defect❞** a material failure of the Cyvive Proprietary Software to comply with the Specifications.
- **❝Documentation❞** means the published data sheets and system documentation for the Software, including available at [www.cyvive.io/install](http://www.cyvive.io/install).
- **❝Environment❞** means each instance of the Customer's physical or virtual servers. Environments may include production, development and test environments.
- **❝Fees❞** means the fees for the provision of Software and Support Services under this Agreement, as set out in Schedule 1, as updated from time to time in accordance with clause [12.5](#12.5).
- **❝Good Industry Practice❞** means using standards, practices, methods and procedures and exercising that degree of skill, care, diligence, prudence and foresight which would reasonably and ordinarily be expected from a skilled and experienced person engaged in a similar type of undertaking under the same or similar circumstances.
- **❝GST❞** means a goods and services tax, or a similar value added tax, levied or imposed under the GST Law.
- **❝GST Law❞** has the meaning given in the *A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999* (Cth).
- **❝Insolvency Event❞** a person or entity suffers an Insolvency Event if:
<ul><ol>
<li type="a">it is (or states that it is) an insolvent under administration or insolvent (each as defined in the Corporations Act);</li>
<li type="a">it is in liquidation, in provisional liquidation, under administration or wound up or has had a controller appointed to its property;</li>
<li type="a">it is subject to any arrangement, assignment, moratorium or composition, protected from creditors under any statute or dissolved (in each case, other than to carry out a reconstruction or amalgamation while solvent on terms approved by the other parties to this agreement);</li>
<li type="a">an application or order has been made (and in the case of an application, it is not stayed, withdrawn or dismissed within 30 days), resolution passed, proposal put forward, or any other action taken, in each case in connection with that person, which is preparatory to or could result in any of (a), (b) or (c) above;</li>
<li type="a">it is taken (under section 459F(1) of the Corporations Act) to have failed to comply with a statutory demand;</li>
<li type="a">it is the subject of an event described in section 459C(2)(b) or section 585 of the Corporations Act (or it makes a statement from which another party to this agreement reasonably deduces it is so subject);</li>
<li type="a">it is otherwise unable to pay its debts when they fall due, or</li>
</ol></ul>
something having a substantially similar effect to (a) to (g) happens in
connection with that person or entity under the laws of any
jurisdiction.
- **❝Installation❞**the installation of the Software on the first Environment of the Customer.
- **❝Installation Date❞**the date that the Installation is completed successfully.
- **❝Intellectual Property Rights❞**includes all copyright, trade mark, design, patents, semiconductor or circuit layout rights and other proprietary rights, and any rights to registration of such rights existing anywhere in the world, whether created before or after the date of this Agreement.
- **❝Kubernetes❞**the portable, extensible open-source platform of that name, which is used to manage containerised workloads and services, and that facilitates both declarative configuration and automation.
- **❝Licence❞**means the licence for the Software granted under clauses [3.3.1](#3.3.1) to [3.3.2](#3.3.2).
- **❝Loss❞**includes loss, damage, liability, charge, expense, outgoing or cost (including all legal and other professional costs on a full indemnity basis) of any nature or kind.
- **❝Personnel❞**means officers, employees, agents and contractors.
- **❝Release❞**means software provided primarily to provide an extension, alteration, improvement or additional functionality to the Cyvive Proprietary Software, but does not include any software that is generally licensed by the Supplier to its customers as a different product.
- **❝Response❞**means an initial contact by a support consultant in response to a support request made by the Customer.
- **❝Resolution❞**means one or more of the following actions, as appropriate, in response to a support request:
<ul><ol>
<li type="i">correction of the Defect;</li>
<li type="i">provision of a workaround for the Defect;</li>
<li type="i">where no alternative method of system operation is possible, confirmation that a Defect has been identified and logged for correction.</li>
</ul></ol>
- **❝Software❞** (or **Cyvive Platform**)means the software package known as "Cyvive" which is made up of the Cyvive Proprietary Software and Third Party Software.
- **❝Specification❞**means the published data sheets and electronic system documentation describing the functionality of the Software, as available at [www.cyvive.io](http://www.cyvive.io/), and as modified from time to time.
- **❝Support Services❞**means the support and maintenance services described in clause [4.1.2](#4.1.2) provided by Cyvive from the Installation Date.
- **❝Tax Invoice❞** has the meaning given in the GST Law.
- **❝Taxable Supply❞**has the meaning given in the GST Law.
- **❝Third Party Software❞**means the components of the Software which are not owned by Cyvive, including any software listed at [www.cyvive.io/ecosystem](http://www.cyvive.io/ecosystem).
- **❝Third Party Software Provider❞**means the licensor of a particular component of Third Party Software.
- **❝Trade Marks❞**means any proprietary marks used by the Cyvive and/or any Third Party Software Provider in the marketing of the Software.
- **❝Update❞**means a version of the software produced primarily to overcome issues or errors in the Cyvive Proprietary Software.

### 1.2 Interpretation

Any reference to the singular will include the plural and vice versa. Words importing natural persons shall include bodies corporate and other legal persons and vice versa. Any particular gender shall mean the other gender and vice versa. The headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of these terms.

### 1.3 Term

#### 1.3.1
This Agreement commences on the date the Customer accepts these terms and conditions (in the manner contemplated by subsection (b) of the section "Formation of the Agreement").

#### 1.3.2 
This Agreement continues for an initial term of 12 months. It then automatically extends for 12 month periods, unless notice is given under clause [1.3.3](#1.3.3) or it is terminated in accordance with clause [13.1](#13.1).

#### 1.3.3
Either party may terminate this Agreement (to take effect at the end of the then-current term) by giving the other party at least 90 days' notice prior to end of the then-current term.

## 2 Login

#### 2.1.1
The Customer must register to use the Software by completing all required registration information via the binary installation of the Software.

#### 2.1.2 
By providing information through the registration process, the Customer consents to:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">Cyvive using such information for the provision of the Cyvive Platform under this Agreement; and<.li>
<li type="1">Cyvive providing such information to Third Party Software Providers to allow the Third Party Software Provider to provide the Third Party Software and related services to the Customer.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 2.1.3
The Customer must use multi-factor authentication to access the Software.

#### 2.1.4
<ul><ol>
The Customer may elect to: 
<li type="1">establish individual registration profiles for each of its personnel who need to access the Software; or</li>
<li type="1">use a single aggregated login for all its personnel who need to access the Software.</li>
</ul></ol>

## 3 Software

### 3.1 Ownership

#### 3.1.1
The Software and all copies of it are the property of Cyvive and/or the Third Party Software Providers and all Intellectual Property Rights, title or interest in the Software will at all times remain with Cyvive and/or its Third Party Software Providers. 

#### 3.1.2
Ownership of Cyvive Proprietary Software (including all Updates and Releases) shall remain vested at all times in Cyvive.

### 3.2 Preconditions to using the Software

#### 3.2.1 
Before using the Software, the Customer must:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">provide to Cyvive a copy of its cloud infrastructure keys; (these would be encrypted and stored such that only a validated user from the customer would be able to decrypt and use them)</li>
<li type="1">ensure that its IT system has one of the supported systems as specified at [www.cyvive.io/installation](http://www.cyvive.io/installation) (we can only support Linux at this time, but should extend to MacOS and Windows as soon as feasible as that's the customer expectation); and</li>
<li type="1">ensure that its personnel who use the Software are a Certified Kubernetes Administrator, or act under the supervision of a Certified Kubernetes Administrator.</li>

#### 3.2.2 
Cyvive will only use the Customer's cloud infrastructure keys to deploy and upgrade (when initiated by the Customer) the Software under this Agreement, and for no other purpose. 

### 3.3 Licence

#### 3.3.1
On the date this Agreement commences, Cyvive grants to the Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, sublicensable licence to use the Cyvive Proprietary Software (**Licence**). The Licence continues for the term of this Agreement.

#### 3.3.2
The Customer is licensed to use the Cyvive Proprietary Software for the business purposes of: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the Customer and/it its Affiliates; and</li>
<li type="1">if the Customer provides services using the Cyvive Platform to an end user, the end user and its Affiliates.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 3.3.3
The Software is comprised of a "Platform", "EcoSystem", and "Governance". The Customer will be billed for all applications running in the cluster environments, regardless of whether it is running via "Governance" or manual install.

#### 3.3.4
The Customer accepts responsibility and liability for:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the acts and/or omissions of its parent organisation, Affiliates, employees and subcontractors in relation to any breaches of the Licence; and</li>
<li type="1">any breach of any obligation under these terms and conditions by such parent organisation, Affiliates, employees and subcontractors.</li>
</ul></ol>

### 3.4 Customer's Licence obligations

#### 3.4.1
The Customer and any party granted use of the Software in accordance with clause [3.3.2](#3.3.2) shall:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">secure and protect the proprietary rights in the Software and any copies which are made of it;</li>
<li type="1">with the exception of the distribution to permitted users as defined in clause [3.3.2](#3.3.2) (for the purpose set out in clause [3.3.2](#3.3.2)), ensure that no copies of the Software in any form will be given to any third party (except with the prior written consent of Cyvive);</li>
<li type="1">instruct its employees and subcontractors having access to the Software not to copy (with the exception of the copies permitted in these terms and conditions), decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or duplicate the Software or provide information or assistance relating to these activities to any third party;</li>
<li type="1">not permit access to the Software by any third party (other than those set out in clause [3.3.2](#anchor-3)) (except with the prior written consent of Cyvive);</li>
<li type="1">not remove any copyright notices, Trade Marks, trade mark credits, confidentiality notice, mark, legend or other information included in the Software;</li>
<li type="1">not purport to assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, part with possession, or in any way deal with any of its rights, duties, or obligations in relation to the Software (except with the prior written consent of Cyvive).</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 3.4.2
During the term of this Agreement, Cyvive may audit the Customer's compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon reasonable notice, Cyvive may conduct such an audit during normal business hours (with the auditor's costs being at Cyvive's expense). Customer shall give immediate, full and complete cooperation to such an audit. If an audit reveals use of the Software in breach of the Customer's licence rights, then without limiting any other rights or remedies of Cyvive under this Agreement or at law, Customer must immediately rectify the non-compliance, and pay any invoice issued by Cyvive for any excess use of the Software. 

#### 3.4.3
The Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Cyvive will collect information about the Customer's use of the Software daily throughout the term of this Agreement, for the purposes of:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">billing the Customer under this Agreement;</li>
<li type="1">monitoring the Customer's compliance with this Agreement; and</li>
<li type="1">improving the Cyvive platform.</li>
</ul></ol>

### 3.5 Documentation

Cyvive grants the Customer an individual, royalty-free, non-exclusive and non-transferable licence (for the term of this Agreement) to exercise all Intellectual Property Rights in any Documentation, solely for the purpose of using the Software.

### 3.6 Target release times from upstream GitHub / Third Party Software Vendor release date

As part of the provision of the Software, Cyvive will use reasonable commercial efforts to provide the following releases within the period specified below:

-   Kubernetes patch release: 7 calendar days from the GitHub / Third Party Software Vendor release date;
-   Kubernetes minor release: 14 calendar days from critical EcoSystem support of minor release;
-   ContainerD in line with official Kubernetes release requirements;
-   Linux Kernel: 14 calendar days calculated from the GitHub / Third Party Software Vendor release date (unless notified as temporarily unsupportable);
-   Critical vulnerabilities: as soon as possible after the GitHub / Third Party Software Vendor release date; and
-   EcoSystem Releases: with the next Kubernetes minor release.

## 4 Support Services

### 4.1 General

#### 4.1.1 
In consideration of the payment of the Fees and subject to clause [12.3.3.2](#12.3.3), Cyvive will provide Support Services for the Cyvive Proprietary Software from the Installation Date until the end of the term of this Agreement.

#### 4.1.2
For the avoidance of doubt, Support Services will not be provided in respect of software outside the "Platform", "EcoSystem", and "Governance" components of the Software. Support in relation to the "EcoSystem" component is only provided to the limited extent set out in this Agreement.

#### 4.1.3 
Subject to clause [4.5](#4.5), the Support Services include:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">Responding to support requests in accordance with clause [4.2](#4.2);</li>
<li type="1">providing Resolutions to Defects in accordance with clause [4.3.4](#4.3.4);</li>
<li type="1">providing Updates and Releases to the Cyvive Proprietary Software in accordance with clause [4.7](#4.7); and</li>
<li type="1">providing access to 'frequently asked questions' and tutorials in accordance with clause [4.9](#4.9).</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 4.1.4
Other than as described in clause [4.1.3.4](#4.1.3), the Support Services do not include providing:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">information about or advice on the use of the Software;</li>
<li type="1">training in relation to the Software;</li>
<li type="1">explanations about the functionality of the Software.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 4.1.5
The Customer must not issue support requests (under clause [4.2](#4.2)) for issues which are not Defects.

#### 4.1.6
Cyvive will not provide any support services for Third Party Software. If the Customer seeks support for Third Party Software, the Customer:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">may contact Cyvive, who may (at its election) pass on the Customer's support request to the Third Party Software Provider (who will then deal directly with the Customer in relation to the support request); or otherwise</li>
<li type="1">must contact the Third Party Software Provider.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 4.1.7
Any support provided by the Third Party Software Provider will be under the terms of the licence referred to in clause [6.1.1](#anchor-22). 

### 4.2 Support requests

#### 4.2.1
The Customer may issue support requests in relation to Defects via [www.cyvive.io](http://www.cyvive.io/support).

#### 4.2.2
The Customer must assign one of the following three priorities to each support request:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">Priority Critical: this priority should be assigned to a support request if an incident causes severe impact to production services or other mission critical business operations where operations are halted, and there is no way to overcome the impact;</li>
<li type="1">Priority Standard: this priority should be assigned to a support request if, after an incident, operations are functional, but operating in a degraded state; or</li>
<li type="1">Priority Low: this priority should be assigned to a support request if an incident causes minimal degradation to operations.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 4.2.3
Cyvive will use the priority specified by the Customer unless this is clearly inconsistent with the nature of the problem, in which case the revised priority will be specified by Cyvive. 

### 4.3 Target Response times 

#### 4.3.1
Once a support request has been logged, Cyvive will assign the support request to a support consultant for Response. Cyvive's target Response times (within the relevant Response hours) are as follows:

|Priority|Response|Response hours|
|---|---|---|
|Priority Critical|1 hour|AEST 7am-7pm, 7 days per week|
|Priority Standard|4 hours|AEST 9-5pm, days other than Business Days|
|Priority Low|1 Business Day|AEST 9-5pm, Business Days|

#### 4.3.2
Cyvive shall use reasonable commercial efforts to meet the Response times set out above.

#### 4.3.3
A support consultant receiving a support request may request additional information in order for further investigation to take place. The Customer must provide any requested additional information promptly after receiving the request.

#### 4.3.4
If the Customer fails to provide accurate information to Cyvive and this causes Cyvive to repeat the provision of any Support Services, Cyvive reserves the right to charge the Customer for the additional time incurred at its standard rates.

### 4.4 Resolution

#### 4.4.1
In relation to support requests which are a Cyvive responsibility under this Agreement, Cyvive will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide a Resolution to a support request, and will keep the Customer updated about its progress.

#### 4.4.2
In relation to support requests which are not a Cyvive responsibility under this Agreement, Cyvive will provide a quote to provide the services requested by the Customer. Cyvive is under no obligation to provide any services under this clause unless and until the Customer accepts the quote.

### 4.5 Support Service scope and exclusions

#### 4.5.1
Cyvive will provide Support Services for:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the current and the penultimate Update or Release of the Software; and</li>
<li type="1">the current and penultimate release of Kubernetes, provided that the Customer has not skipped any minor versions of Kubernetes.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### []{#anchor-25}The Supplier is not required to provide the Support Services to the extent that a Defect arises as a result of:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the Customer using a version of the Software or Kubernetes outside the scope of clause [4.5.1](#4.5.1);
<li type="1">a failure of the Customer to install an Update or Release which has been released to remedy an error; or</li>
<li type="1">any modification to the Cyvive Proprietary Software code which has not been carried out by Cyvive or a person authorised by Cyvive;</li>
<li type="1">any action which is expressly excluded in the Documentation;</li>
<li type="1">any combination of the Cyvive Proprietary Software with any software or materials not supplied or approved by Cyvive, including the use of any Third Party Software in the EcoSystem which is not on Cyvive's recommended Third Party Software list. Any support provided by Cyvive will be subject to a new contract between the parties;</li>
<li type="1">use of the Cyvive Proprietary Software in a manner for which it was not intended or other than as permitted by these terms and conditions;</li>
<li type="1">user error;</li>
<li type="1">any fault in any hardware, software or other platform manufactured or provided by a third party (including the Third Party Software Provider and the Customer's cloud service provider), including any failure to provision required instances; or</li>
<li type="1">any failure of the Customer to comply with its obligations under this Agreement (including clause [4.6](#4.6)).</li>
</ul></ol>

### 4.6 Diagnosis of errors

#### 4.6.1
In order for Cyvive to be able to diagnose a suspected Defect, the error condition needs to be reproducible. 

#### 4.6.2
The Customer must make available an electronic link as specified by Cyvive, at the Customer's expense, in order for Cyvive to remotely access the system for diagnostic purposes, using the remote access standards defined by Cyvive. If the Customer is unable to comply with this clause [4.6.2](#anchor-27), then Cyvive is not required to provide Support Services under this Agreement and the parties must enter into a separate contract for services.

#### 4.6.3
The electronic link must be available promptly on request from Cyvive. If the link is not made available within the agreed timescale, Cyvive reserves the right to re-schedule the diagnostic work at its convenience when suitable resources are available.

### 4.7 Upgrades and Releases to Cyvive Proprietary Software

#### 4.7.1
Cyvive will from time to time provide Upgrades and Releases to the Cyvive Proprietary Software.

#### 4.7.2
The Customer will receive new Updates and Releases at no additional charge if the Customer pays the Fees in accordance with this Agreement.

#### 4.7.3
Cyvive will inform the Customer when an Update or Release is available. It is the Customer's responsibility to install new Updates and Releases as soon as reasonably practical.

#### 4.7.4
In the event that the Customer requires any assistance with implementation of an Update or Release, then Cyvive may agree to provide such assistance under a separate contract with the Customer.

#### 4.7.5
The Customer acknowledges that owing to changes and advances in technology, new Updates and Releases may, in the future, not always be compatible with any or all of the Environments used by the Customer at the Installation Date. Cyvive will endeavour to provide the Customer with as much advance notice as it reasonably can, should Cyvive be aware that new Updates and Releases of the Software will require changes to an Environment. It is the Customer's responsibility to upgrade the Environments, as advised by Cyvive with reasonable notice, in order to meet the requirements of new Updates or Releases. 

#### 4.7.6
Support for "Windows Server Containers" is outside the scope of Support Services under this Agreement. If the Customer seeks support for "Windows Service Containers", then the parties must enter into a separate agreement regarding provision of such services by Cyvive.

### 4.8 Third Party Software releases

Nothing in this Agreement requires a Third Party Software Provider to
provide a new update, release or version of Third Party Software.

### 4.9 FAQs and tutorials

#### 4.9.1
Cyvive will make available responses to frequently asked questions and tutorials about the use of the Cyvive Platform on its website at [www.cyvive.io/faq](http://www.cycive.io/faq).

## 5 RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE by Cyvive

#### 5.1.1
The 'EcoSystem' component of the Cyvive Platform is made up of Third Party Software selected by the Customer.

#### 5.1.2
Cyvive may from time to time publish a general list of recommended Third Party Software for the 'EcoSystem' component of the Cyvive Platform at www.cyvive.io/ecosystem.

#### 5.1.3
It is the Customer's responsibility to select the components of Third Party Software comprising the 'EcoSystem' that are appropriate for it.

#### 5.1.4
Cyvive is not responsible or liable for any consequences arising from the Customer's selection of Third Party Software comprising the 'EcoSystem' based on Cyvive's recommendations.

## 6 THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE

#### 6.1.1
The Third Party Software Provider's standard licence terms relating to the Third Party Software will apply to the provision of Third Party Software under this Agreement. The licence for the Third Party Software will be a direct licence between the Third Party Software Provider and the Customer. It is the Customer's responsibility to ensure that it complies with the terms of that licence.

#### 6.1.2
Any support for Third Party Software will be provided directly to the Customer by the Third Party Software Provider.

#### 6.1.3
Ownership of Third Party Software shall remain vested at all times in the Third Party Software Provider.

#### 6.1.4
The Customer acknowledges that Cyvive may receive benefits directly from Third Party Software Providers in relation to the Customer's use of Third Party Software in the Cyvive Platform. 

## 7 Warranty

#### 7.1.1
Cyvive warrants that the Cyvive Proprietary Software, when used in accordance with its relevant Documentation, will both on Installation, and thereafter while the Cyvive Proprietary Software is covered by the Support Services, perform substantially in accordance with the Specification.

#### 7.1.2
The Customer acknowledges that the Cyvive Proprietary Software is off-the-shelf software and not a bespoke program customised to meet the Customer\'s individual requirements (even if Cyvive is aware of such requirements). It is therefore the responsibility of the Customer to ensure that the facilities and functions described in Specification meet its requirements. Cyvive shall not be liable for any failure of the Cyvive Proprietary Software to provide any facility or function not specified in the Specification.

#### 7.1.3
Subject to any restrictions or conditions noted in the terms or use or licence of Third Party Software, Cyvive warrants and represents that it has the right to distribute any Third Party Software which it provides to the Customer. 

#### 7.1.4
Cyvive accepts no liability for any failure of the Cyvive Proprietary Software to provide any facility or function as a result of:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the Customer using a version of the Software or Kubernetes outside the scope of clause [4.5.1](#4.5.1);</li>
<li type="1">a failure of the Customer to install an Update or Release which has been released to remedy an error; or</li>
<li type="1">any modification to the Cyvive Proprietary Software code which has not been carried out by Cyvive or a person authorised by Cyvive;</li>
<li type="1">any action which is expressly excluded in the Documentation;</li>
<li type="1">any combination of the Cyvive Proprietary Software with any software or materials not supplied or approved by Cyvive, including the use of any Third Party Software in the EcoSystem which is not on Cyvive's recommended Third Party Software list;</li>
<li type="1">use of the Cyvive Proprietary Software in a manner for which it was not intended or other than as permitted by these terms and conditions;</li>
<li type="1">user error;</li>
<li type="1">any fault in any hardware, software or other platform manufactured or provided by a third party (including the Third Party Software Provider and the Customer's cloud service provider), including any failure to provision required instances; or</li>
<li type="1">any failure of the Customer to comply with its obligations under this Agreement (including clause [4.6](#4.6)).</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 7.1.5
Cyvive does not warrant that the operation of the Cyvive Proprietary Software will be uninterrupted or error free. The Customer acknowledges that the Cyvive Proprietary Software will not be error free.

#### 7.1.6
Cyvive does not provide any warranty in respect of Third Party Software. Any warranties given by the Third Party Software Provider may be given in the direct licence agreement between the Third Party Software Provider and the Customer.

#### 7.1.7
Cyvive warrants the Support Services provided under this Agreement will be of a professional quality and conform to Good Industry Practice. Cyvive shall provide the Support Services with reasonable care and skill. 

#### 7.1.8
Cyvive accepts no liability for any failure of the Support Service to provide any facility or function as a result of:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the Customer using a version of the Software or Kubernetes outside the scope of clause [4.5.1](#4.5.1);</li>
<li type="1">a failure of the Customer to install an Update or Release which has been released to remedy an error; or</li>
<li type="1">any modification to the Cyvive Proprietary Software code which has not been carried out by Cyvive or a person authorised by Cyvive;</li>
<li type="1">any action which is expressly excluded in the Documentation;</li>
<li type="1">any combination of the Cyvive Proprietary Software with any software or materials not supplied or approved by Cyvive, including the use of any Third Party Software in the EcoSystem which is not on Cyvive's recommended Third Party Software list. Any support provided by Cyvive will be subject to a new contract between the parties;</li>
<li type="1">use of the Cyvive Proprietary Software in a manner for which it was not intended or other than as permitted by these terms and conditions;</li>
<li type="1">user error;</li>
<li type="1">any fault in any hardware, software or other platform manufactured or provided by a third party (including the Third Party Software Provider and the Customer's cloud service provider), including any failure to provision required instances;</li>
<li type="1">any failure of the Customer to comply with its obligations under this Agreement (including clause [4.6](#4.6)); or</li>
<li type="1">incorrect instructions or information from the Customer or the Customer\'s failure to provide information or documentation.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 7.1.9
Cyvive will have no liability for a breach of warranty in clause [7.1.7](#anchor-30) unless Cyvive has received written notice of the breach of the warranty within 30 days of the delivery of the relevant Support Services.

#### 7.1.10
Except as expressly provided in these terms and conditions and to the fullest extent permitted by law, no warranty, condition, undertaking or term, express or implied, statutory or otherwise as to the condition, quality, performance, suitability, merchantability or fitness for purpose of the Software and Support Services, provided under this Agreement, is given or assured by Cyvive and all such warranties, conditions, undertakings or terms are excluded. 

#### 7.1.11
In the event of the Cyvive Proprietary Software failing to perform in accordance with the warranty in clause [7.1.1](#7.1.1), Cyvive shall have no liability or obligation other than to remedy such failure by the provision of Support Services.

#### 7.1.12
The remedies set out in these terms and conditions set out the whole extent of Cyvive's liability and obligations in respect of any breach of any warranty.

## 8 Customer's responsibilities

#### 8.1.1
The Customer shall provide Cyvive with all information and documentation which are reasonably requested by Cyvive in order to allow Cyvive to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

#### 8.1.2
The Customer shall be responsible for connectivity to its network and the Internet, including the mechanism for remote support access provided under clause [4.6](#4.6).

#### 8.1.3
Without limiting clause [3.2.1.3](#3.2.1), the Customer will ensure that the users of the Software have received adequate training and that the users undertake to carry out their roles in relation to the operation of the Software in line with Good Industry Practice, and in accordance with any Documentation and any reasonable advice given by Cyvive. 

#### 8.1.4
The Customer is solely responsible for the safety and integrity of all Customer Data at all times. This includes, but is not limited to, ensuring that appropriate back-ups are made of all Customer Data. Cyvive will not, and is not able to, restore Customer Data.

#### 8.1.5
The Customer is also solely responsible for the security of all Customer Data.

#### 8.1.6
The Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy of the inputs to and the outputs from the Software, as well as ensuring the parameters of the Software (including the selection of Third Party Software for the EcoSystem) are appropriate for its purposes. 

#### 8.1.7
The Customer must ensure that its applications and database software are at all times executing in containers compatible with the Kubernetes container standard (Open Container Initiative, [www.opencontainers.org](https://www.opencontainers.org/)) and do not adversely affect the operation of the Software, including any Third Party Software. The Customer agrees not to interfere or interact with Kubernetes database ETCD.

#### 8.1.8
The Customer agrees to only receive Support Services (or services in the nature of Support Services) in relation to the Cyvive Proprietary Software from Cyvive or a person authorised by Cyvive. 

#### 8.1.9
Cyvive is not in breach of an obligation under this Agreement to the extent that it is prevented or delayed from performing any of its obligations under these terms and conditions by reason of any act, default or omission of the Customer, its agents or subcontractors. 

## 9 Liability

#### 9.1.1
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as excluding or limiting Cyvive's liability for any matter which it would be illegal for it to exclude and/or limit, or attempt to exclude and/or limit, our liability including for any liability arising under the *Competition and Consumer Act 2010* (Cth), including the Australian Consumer Law, save that if any such liability, right or remedy arises it will be limited to re-supplying the Software or Support Services (as applicable) to the Customer again or the payment of the cost of having the Software or Support Services (as applicable) supplied again, to the extent permitted by any non-excludable provision.

#### 9.1.2
Except as provided in clauses [9.1.1](#9.1.1), [9.1.3](#9.1.3) and [9.1.4](#9.1.4), Cyvive's liability to the Customer for all Claims for any Loss suffered or incurred by it (whether in contract, negligence, breach of statutory duty or under any indemnity or otherwise) under or in connection with this Agreement (in the aggregate) is limited to an amount equal to the average Fees paid or payable by the Customer under this Agreement in any six month period.

#### 9.1.3
Subject to clause [9.1.1](#9.1.1), Cyvive is not liable to the Customer (whether in contract, negligence, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">any indirect or consequential loss or damage;</li>
<li type="1">loss of profits, loss of earnings, loss of revenue, loss of business or goodwill, loss of data, loss of contracts;</li>
<li type="1">anticipated or incidental losses, including loss of anticipated savings, failure to reduce bad debt; or</li>
<li type="1">loss of use or value of any data or equipment including software, wasted management, operational or other time,</li>
</ul></ol>

howsoever arising, and whether or not Cyvive had notice of the
possibility of the Customer incurring such losses.

#### 9.1.4
In respect of any Claim between the parties under or in connection with this Agreement, the parties agree that to the maximum extent permitted by law, the operation of the *Civil Liability Act 2003* (Qld) and of any laws having a similar effect in the Commonwealth and other States and Territories of Australia are excluded and have no application or effect insofar as any of them would apportion liability to us which would not have been so apportioned but for such laws.

## 10 Indemnity

#### 10.1.1
The Customer indemnifies and holds harmless Cyvive, its related bodies corporate and their respective Personnel (those indemnified) from and against any Claim or Loss which those indemnified pays, suffers, incurs or is liable for arising out of or in connection with: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">any breach of this Agreement;</li>
<li type="1">the death or personal injury of any person;</li>
<li type="1">the loss of, or damage to, any real or personal property;</li>
<li type="1">any breach of law or infringement of a third party's rights;</li>
<li type="1">any act or omission of fraud, dishonesty, reckless or wilful misconduct or misrepresentation,</li>
</ul></ol>

of, or to the extent caused or contributed to by any act or omission of,
the Customer or its Personnel.

## 11 Intellectual property indemnity

#### 11.1.1
Cyvive will defend any Claim against the Customer which alleges that any Cyvive Proprietary Software supplied infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party provided that the Customer promptly notifies Cyvive of the action, makes no admission of liability and gives Cyvive sole authority, information and assistance (at Cyvive's expense) for the defence or settlement of the Claim. 

#### 11.1.2
Cyvive will indemnify the Customer against all damages and costs finally awarded against the Customer as a result of such Claim but will not be responsible for any settlement or compromise made without its consent. 

#### 11.1.3
Cyvive may at any time it is concerned about the possibility of such an infringement at its option and expense, either: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">obtain for the Customer the right to continue using the Cyvive Proprietary Software; or</li>
<li type="1">replace or modify the Cyvive Proprietary Software so that infringement or alleged infringement will not exist; or</li>
<li type="1">remove the Cyvive Proprietary Software involved and refund a portion of the price depreciated by an equal amount over the lifetime of the Cyvive Proprietary Software. (This last option may only be pursued by Cyvive once it has used all reasonable endeavours to resolve the matter using the previous two options).</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 11.1.4
Cyvive will have no liability to the Customer to the extent that an infringement of Intellectual Property Rights or Claim is based upon: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the Customer using a version of the Software or Kubernetes outside the scope of clause [4.5.1](#4.5.1);</li>
<li type="1">a failure of the Customer to install an Update or Release which has been released to remedy an error; or</li>
<li type="1">any modification to the Cyvive Proprietary Software code which has not been carried out by Cyvive or a person authorised by Cyvive;</li>
<li type="1">any action which is expressly excluded in the Documentation;</li>
<li type="1">any combination of the Cyvive Proprietary Software with any software or materials not supplied or approved by Cyvive, including the use of any Third Party Software in the EcoSystem which is not on Cyvive's recommended Third Party Software list;</li>
<li type="1">use of the Cyvive Proprietary Software in a manner for which it was not intended or other than as permitted by these terms and conditions;</li>
<li type="1">user error;</li>
<li type="1">any fault in any hardware, software or other platform manufactured or provided by a third party (including the Third Party Software Provider and the Customer's cloud service provider), including any failure to provision required instances;</li>
<li type="1">any failure of the Customer to comply with its obligations under this Agreement (including clause [4.6](#4.6)); or</li>
<li type="1">incorrect instructions or information from the Customer or the Customer\'s failure to provide information or documentation.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 11.1.5
Cyvive provides no intellectual property infringement indemnity for any Third Party Software and the Customer should address any such issues directly with the relevant Third Party Software Provider under its separate licence agreement with them.

#### 11.1.6
This clause sets out the total liability of Cyvive to the Customer in respect of Intellectual Property Rights infringement.

## 12 Fees and payment

### 12.1 Monthly Fees

#### 12.1.1
The Fees are specified in Schedule 1.

#### 12.1.2
Unless the Customer exercises the option in clause [12.2](#12.2), Cyvive will invoice the Customer for the Fees each month in arrears.

### 12.2 Prepayment option

#### 12.2.1
At any time during the Term, the Customer may elect to prepay 12 months' Fees based on its estimated usage of the Software over that period. 

#### 12.2.2
At any point during or after the 12 month period, Cyvive will reconcile the Customer's actual usage against the estimated usage on which the prepayment was based.

#### 12.2.3
If the Customer's actual usage exceeds the estimated usage, then Cyvive will issue an invoice for the additional Fees reflecting the Customer's actual usage. Cyvive's right to issue an invoice under this clause [12.2.3](#12.2.3) arises at any point from when the Customer's actual usage exceeds the estimated usage, and the Customer need not wait for the expiration of the 12 month period 

#### 12.2.4 
If the Customer's actual usage was lower than the estimated usage, then Cyvive will deduct that amount from a subsequent invoice issued to the Customer.

### 12.3 Payment and GST

#### 12.3.1
Subject to clause [12.4](#12.4), the Customer must pay Cyvive the amount specified in any invoice within 30 calendar days of the invoice date.

#### 12.3.2
All amounts in Schedule 1 are exclusive of GST. If any supply under this Agreement is a Taxable Supply, then the party making the supply may, at the same time that an invoice is rendered for the agreed consideration for the Taxable Supply, recover the amount of GST payable on that Taxable Supply, subject to the issue of a valid Tax Invoice.

#### 12.3.3
In the event of late payment: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">Cyvive reserves the right (in addition to its other rights) to, on 10 days' notice to the Customer that an amount is overdue, charge interest from the due date at the rate of 10% per annum compounding daily on the outstanding balance until payment is received in full by Cyvive and to recover from the Customer all costs and expenses (including legal costs on an indemnity basis) incurred in the recovery of the overdue money from the Customer; and</li>
<li type="1">Cyvive will be under no obligation to supply the Support Services while any invoice remains unpaid thirty (30) calendar days after the due date for payment until all outstanding sums due to Cyvive from the Customer have been paid to Cyvive by the Customer.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 12.3.4
If:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the Customer has not paid an invoice within three days of the due date for payment; and/or</li>
<li type="1">the control plane of the Cyvive Platform is unable to contact Cyvive (as contemplated by clause [3.4.3](#3.4.3)) for three days,</li>
</ul></ol>

then Cyvive may discontinue the provision of the Cyvive Platform by
defaulting the cluster to read only mode (with the same effect as
described in clause [13.2.4](#13.2.4)) until all outstanding sums due
to Cyvive from the Customer have been paid to Cyvive by the Customer.

#### 12.3.5
All Fees are non-refundable.

### 12.4 Disputed invoices

#### 12.4.1
Any dispute regarding the content of an invoice submitted by Cyvive to the Customer must be raised in writing by the Customer within 14 calendar days of the invoice date. For the purposes of the payment of invoices (subject always to any subsequent disputes which may arise during the period set out in the statute of limitations), invoices will be deemed to have been properly submitted and due for payment where an invoice has not been disputed within 14 calendar days of the invoice date.

#### 12.4.2
If all or any part of any invoice is the subject of a genuine and reasonable dispute, the Customer shall provide written details of the amount disputed and the cause of the dispute and shall pay to Cyvive any undisputed amount(s) as these undisputed amounts become due. The parties shall in good faith attempt to resolve the dispute as to the unpaid amount in accordance with the procedure set out in clause [14.11.1](#14.11.1) during which time, if the Customer has complied in full with this clause [12.4.2](#12.4.2), Cyvive shall not have the right to charge interest or to withhold the supply of Software or Support Services in respect of that disputed amount.

### 12.5 Fee increases

#### 12.5.1
Cyvive reserves the right to increase the Fees on 30 days' notice to the Customer.

#### 12.5.2
Any increase in Fees will not take effect while the Customer is using the Software under a prepayment arrangement (in accordance with clause [12.2](#12.2)). 

## 13 Termination

### 13.1 Termination

#### 13.1.1 
Cyvive may immediately terminate this Agreement (including the Licence) by notice to the Customer:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">if the Customer has not satisfied a condition in clause [3.2](#3.2);</li>
<li type="1">if the Customer has breached clause [2](#2) or clause [11](#11);</li>
<li type="1">if the Customer has not paid for 60 calendar days or more any Fees due; or</li>
<li type="1">at any time, for convenience.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 13.1.2
This Agreement may be terminated by either party immediately by notice to the other if:  
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">the other party commits a material breach of any term of this Agreement which (in the case of a breach capable of being remedied) is not have remedied within 30 calendar days of a written request to remedy the same; or</li>
<li type="1">the other party suffers an Insolvency Event (to the extent that such termination is permitted by law).</li>
</ul></ol>

### 13.2 Effect of termination

#### 13.2.1
Any termination of this Agreement is without prejudice to the accrued rights and liabilities of each party.

#### 13.2.2
If this Agreement terminates during a period during which Fees are accruing but not yet paid, then the Customer will owe Cyvive a pro rata amount of Fees attributable to the period up to the date of termination. 

#### 13.2.3
If this Agreement is terminated other than under clause [13.1.1.4](#13.1.1) and Cyvive agrees to continue providing the Cyvive platform to the Customer after the date of termination for an agreed period, then the Customer must continue paying the Fees for the agreed period.

#### 13.2.4
The Customer acknowledges that when Cyvive ceases to provide the Cyvive Platform under this Agreement, then its clusters will be in read only mode slowly degrading (due to Kubernetes orchestration algorithms). The Cyvive Platform can be removed by the Cyvive Platform binary uninstallation command. 

#### 13.2.5
Cyvive is not liable for any loss or damage suffered by the Customer in relation to:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">any suspension of the provision of the Cyvive Platform under clause [12.3.3.2](#anchor-14); and</li>
<li type="1">the uninstallation of the Cyvive Platform during or after the term of this Agreement.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 13.2.6
Any clause in this Agreement which is expressed to survive or by its nature survives, will survive termination or expiry of this Agreement for any reason.

## 14 General

### 14.1 Change to this Agreement

#### 14.1.1
Any changes to this Agreement will be agreed by the parties in writing.

### 14.2 Assignment 

#### 14.2.1 
Subject to clause [14.2.2](#14.2.2), neither party may sell, assign, novate, transfer or otherwise dispose of whether directly or indirectly any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement except with the other party's prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

#### 14.2.2
Cyvive may assign or novate the Agreement on written notice to the Customer without any requirement to obtain the prior consent of the Customer:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">to any related body corporate of Cyvive;</li>
<li type="1">for the purpose of any sale of all or a substantial part of Cyvive's assets and undertaking to a third party.</li>
</ul></ol>

### 14.3 Privacy

#### 14.3.1
Cyvive cannot access Customer Personal Data in the provision of the Software.

#### 14.3.2
Cyvive will not access Customer Personal Data unless the Customer explicitly provides a copy of such data for the purpose of Cyvive providing the Support Services.

#### 14.3.3
The Customer warrants that, if it provides Customer Personal Data to Cyvive, Cyvive's collection and use of that Customer Personal Data will not infringe any laws (including the *Privacy Act 1988* (Cth)).

### 14.4 Public relations

Cyvive reserves the right to issue a press release and use the
Customer's name and logo externally for its promotional purposes.

### 14.5 Force Majeure Event

#### 14.5.1
This clause [14.5](#14.5) does not apply to the Customer's obligations to pay Cyvive.

#### 14.5.2
Neither party will be liable for any delay in performing or failure to perform its obligations if the delay or failure is caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, any delay caused by war, terrorism, interruption of electricity, internet, means of telecommunication, strikes and unavailability of Personnel and any delay caused by any act or omission of the other party (**Force Majeure Event**). Any delay or failure caused by Cyvive's suppliers is deemed to be a Force Majeure Event.

#### 14.5.3
The parties are relieved from fulfilling an obligation if fulfilment is impossible as a consequence of a Force Majeure Event.

#### 14.5.4
If a Force Majeure Event lasts longer than 90 calendar days, either party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the other in writing.

### 14.6 Severability

If any part of this Agreement is invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, the
invalid, unlawful or unenforceable part of this Agreement will not apply
but the other parts of this Agreement will not be affected.

### 14.7 Waiver

#### 14.7.1
Clauses and rights in this Agreement can only be waived in writing signed by the waiving party. 

#### 14.7.2
Failure or delay of a party in exercising a right under this Agreement does not waive the party's rights. 

#### 14.7.3
A waiver will only waive the particular rights in the particular circumstances and will not waive any other rights, or the same rights in other circumstances. 

### 14.8 Notices

#### 14.8.1
Cyvive will send all notices relating to this Agreement according to the notice details provided by the Customer when it downloads the Software.

#### 14.8.2
The Customer must send all notices relating to this Agreement to [Cyvive to insert post and email details]. 

#### 14.8.3
Notices may be given by being: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">posted to the party's current postal address for notices by pre-paid ordinary mail or, if the address is outside Australia, by pre-paid airmail;</li>
<li type="1">delivered by hand at the party's current address for notices; or</li>
<li type="1">sent by email to the party's current email address for notices.</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 14.8.4
A notice will be deemed to be given: 
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">if posted: 
<ol>
<li type="i">within Australia to an Australian postal address, 5 Business Days after the date of posting; or</li>
<li type="i">outside of Australia to an Australian postal address or within Australia to an address outside of Australia, 10 Business Days after posting;</li>
</ol>
<li type="1">if delivered by hand during a Business Day -- on the date of delivery;</li>
<li type="1">if emailed -- subject to clause [14.8.5](#anchor-69) below, on the date recorded on the device from which the party sent the email, unless the sending party receives an automated message that the email has not been delivered,</li>
</ul></ol>

except that a delivery by hand or email received after 5:00pm (local
time of the receiving party) will be deemed to be given on the next
Business Day.

#### 14.8.5 
Any notice under clause [13](#13) or [14.11](#14.11) which is sent via email must also be sent by post or hand delivery. 

### 14.9 Relationship of the parties

The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement
constitutes or is deemed to constitute either party as being the agent,
partner or joint venture partner of the other party.

### 14.10 Order of precedence

In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between these terms and
conditions and any other document incorporated into this Agreement,
these terms and conditions shall prevail.

### 14.11 Dispute procedure and governing law

#### 14.11.1
Should a dispute arise between the parties in relation to the Agreement, then prior to pursuing any legal rights by litigation the aggrieved party must provide written notice of the dispute to the other party. Both parties shall, through their nominated senior representatives, use all reasonable endeavours to resolve the dispute within 14 calendar days. Should the dispute remain unresolved then the parties must refer the dispute to their respective CEOs. Both parties shall, through their CEOs, then use all reasonable endeavours to resolve the dispute within a further 21 calendar days. Should there still be no resolution after this period, then the parties agree to refer the dispute to mediation in accordance with clause [14.11.2](#14.11.2).

#### 14.11.2
The mediation will be conducted in Brisbane in accordance with the Resolution Institute's Mediation Rules operating at the time the dispute is referred to the Resolution Institute, and the terms of those rules are incorporated in this Agreement. The parties:
<ul><ol>
<li type="1">will jointly appoint the mediator, or if the parties cannot agree on the mediator within 5 Business Days of referral to mediation, the Chairperson of the Queensland Chapter of the Resolution Institute will determine the mediator;</li>
<li type="1">may be legally represented at the mediation; and</li>
<li type="1">will each bear their own costs concerning the mediation, and will bear the costs of the mediation venue and the mediator equally</li>
</ul></ol>

#### 14.11.3
If the mediation does not resolve the dispute, either party may commence any other form of action to resolve the dispute, including court proceedings.

#### 14.11.4
The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement will be governed by []{#anchor-128}the laws of Queensland, Australia and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland, Australia.

## Schedule 1: Fees

The Fees for the provision of the Software and Support Services under
this Agreement are (as at 14 April 2019):

**20 cents per hour per Application per Environment**

In this Schedule 1, 'Application' means one of the following Kubernetes
standard definitions:

-   Deployment
-   Stateful Set
-   Job (single or recurring)
-   Daemon Set,

or similar.
